They shuddered once they rematerialized into the frigid, yet thankfully calm air. It was like the Desert's sick idea of a welcome-back gift. Viridia jerked her arm out of Cy's the first opportunity she got. But then she was slammed forcefully back to his side by a link of glowing chains; it was singing her clothes and scalding her skin.

``Selena! What are you doing here?" shouted Viridia. Cy looked over his shoulder.

A hooded entity stood at the gates, its leathery black glove outstretched towards them. The twinkling robes of midnight blue it wore outlined the posture and figure of a young woman. Beneath the hood, a lock of long golden hair slipped out as her thin lips curved.

``Well, I was on orders to intercept the Heir of Arbor from making contact with the Angels," she said casually. Her voice was smooth and measured; it had an almost loving caress. ``But seeing as that ship has sailed, only one other option is left to me, Viridia Clairemont."

``You fool!" bellowed Viridia so suddenly that Cy jumped. Over a loud clatter of metal, she shouted, ``Any attack on a citizen of Arbor is tantamount to a declaration of war with not only Arbor, but the whole of Fimbluintt! Your emperor knows this."

``He does," said Selena lightly, her arm still oustretched. Then her tone hardened. ``My orders come from Archgeneral Thames. He has foreseen your folly and you will bring ruin unto us all. I cannot let you leave here alive!"

Then her fist closed onto thin air. The chains became hotter and tighter until its prisoners unbalanced. Cy fumbled his sword off the ground, then into his grip; he swung it upwards. The second his bonds were severed, he lunged towards Selena, in whose hands a sparkling golden sabre had materialized.

A clash of steel upon steel rang throughout the night.

Once the dust had cleared, Cy could see over the crackling spark between their locked blades, that Selena's hood had fallen off. Her silky blond hair billowed behind her and an expression of vague curiosity had appeared upon her smooth, thin face. ``Oh? An Angel's Armament," she crooned, the burnished blade of amber reflected in her foresty eyes. ``This should be interesting."

And without warning, Selena jumped gracefully into the air. The enchanted bindings she'd conjured earlier had come flying towards her. Selena held out her empty hand towards the glowing chains; Viridia's hand was outstretched in a similar manner, her face screwed up in concentration.

Then the chains zoomed towards Cy, who did not raise his sword in time. They snaked themselves snugly about him, and he fell to the ground.

Smirking in mid-air, Selena muttered to herself, ``Too easy." She reared her free arm back and splayed it out; a cloud of fireballs gathered above the boy thrashing violently about on the ground.

``Cymaticus!" Viridia dashed to his rescue. She was yards away from him before the ground beneath her shook. Viridia turned and held a hand out to a fireball homing in on her. It froze in mid-air, then orbited subserviently around her. With a flick of her wrist, Viridia flung it into the next fireball closing in on her.

She was thrown off her feet and into the wall behind Cy, who had just cut his bonds loose after rolling away from a blast of fire. Another one followed in its wake after he had gotten up off his feet; he half-ducked, half-scurried to dodge it. Then he batted the fireball towards the one homing in on Viridia's slumped figure, before turning to face Selena.

Standing in front of the blazing arsenal she had conjured behind Viridia's unsuspecting back, Selena watched Cy rush towards her, the point of his sword scraping the stony floor.

He lifted his sword to strike, before the cloud of fire above him sank to the ground, surrounding him in a hot mist. Cy could advance no further; he watched as the mist thickened and wrapped around him like a smoky cocoon. They were soon joined by skeins of fiery wind streaming from behind Selena's back.

The gaseous prison thinned outwards and condensed into an array of neon-like bullets, ready to strike at Cy like needles at a pincushion. Atop the stairs to the Altar, Selena was holding her sword-free arm out steady, ready to command her regrouped arsenal.

He looked around at the dome of super-heated bullets trapping him. A bead of sweat slided down the side of his face; he gripped his sword tightly and tried not to show any desperation on his face. He listened for the slightest movement; behind him, Viridia stirred. He had raised his blade in time to deflect a bolt that zoomed in on him in that very instant. A split-second later, the bullets shot relentlessly one-by-one at Cy in earnest, spurred on by Selena.

But suddenly, they froze in mid-air. Viridia was stalking off and had beckoned them to her side. Her eyes now ablaze, she spun the fiery bolts around her until they merged into a slender sword of silvery mist that she grasped firmly in her blood-stained palm.

Each with a sword in hand now, Viridia and Cy sprinted to the foot of the stairs leading to the Altar. They leapt over the top and reared back to strike, just as Selena summoned a second shining sabre to do just the same.

All sound was snuffed swiftly from the world. The ground beneath them cracked, and shockwaves emanated from where the four blades collided in an enduring spark of blinding, increasingly hot light. The courtyard foundations were beginning to crumble; this went unnoticed, for nothing mattered to the three but their desire to emerge from the battle alive. Selena had eyes only for Viridia and Cy, who likewise stared resolutely into their enemy's strained grimace.

Baring her teeth, Selena glared furiously between her opponents over the strikes she'd nested between her blades: Cy, whose ferocity showed his relentless insistence on felling his foe, and Viridia, whose eyes, alight with a haunting glow, showed only a fierce determination to see her path unbarred.

An explosion restored sound to the world; Selena drew back from the cloud of smoke her opponents were engulfed in. But no more than a second had passed before Cy re-emerged. He bombarded her with a barrage of thrusts and swipes, as ferocious as the bolts she had fired at him moments ago. Explosive sparks shook their eardrums every time their blades met in a passionate dance of heat and steel.

Selena dared not lose focus from the rhythm of her opponent's sword-play, for it was becoming more and more difficult to anticipate and parry. She was therefore caught off-guard when Viridia joined in; the latter had clearly chosen not to risk having her elements bent to another's will again.

Now besieged by Cy's increasingly ferocious swordplay and Viridia's magically-reinforced blows, it became impossible for Selena to counter any of the strikes she fended and dodged.

Selena found herself backed against the edge of the platform; she leapt backwards off it, a motion which Cy seamlessly imitated. He lifted his sword up to strike. She nested his attack between her twin blades again and began pushing against Cy with all her strength, finally overpowering him and sending him flying.

Following in his wake, Viridia reared her ethereal blade back to thrust at her mid-air foe. But it was no use, for Selena had already anticipated the attack. Ensnaring it between her twin blades, she prised the sword from Viridia's hands and flung it well out of her reach. Selena seized her chance; with a deliberate sword-swipe, she banished the glittering silver cross, and took care to kick its disarmed owner off to the side before landing on the icy ground.

The three were at the edges of the courtyard. On the east, Viridia sat against the wall, panting heavily. She was wincing while staunching the back of her head; her eyes were plain again. On the west, Cy was still leaning on the sword he plunged into the snow after he had landed. At the northernmost point of the courtyard, stood Selena.

She was glaring at them both, complacency replaced by blatant frustration. A few moments passed before she noticed that her robes were frayed. She mopped her cheek on her sleeve and frowned at the bloodstain smeared across it.

Then, Selena heard Viridia get up; the former flicked her wrist. Cy lifted himself up, and plucking his sword from the ground, raced towards her. Viridia had just summoned another ethereal blade and also started into a run when, to her surprise, her foe tossed one of her own carelessly into the air. Selena snapped her recently liberated fingers.

Wheeling around mid-run, Viridia raised her blade to block the neon bolt zooming straight at her. Suddenly, it zigzagged downwards; ricocheting off the ground, the bolt hit her squarely right above the stomach. Viridia was lifted off her feet; her limp body rolled along the snow until she was flat on her back, motionless and charred.

``Viridia!" cried Cy. He doubled back and hurried to her side.

As he stooped down to check Viridia's wound, he felt its heat hovering behind him, vaguely aware of the buzzing by his right ear. The grip on his sword handle tightened. Cy wheeled around and struck a golden sabre floating in mid-air, acting independently of the wielder who had conjured it. It reared back and swung a wide arc --- the arc of a much longer blade --- forcing Cy to leap aside.

Golden sparks rained where Cy matched the enchanted blade's slices and thrusts; meanwhile, Selena strode over to Viridia's unconscious body, its twin in hand. She tossed her remaining sword into mid-air, and aimed its sparkling blade, as slender as the two fingers that commanded it, directly above Viridia's chest wound.

Then without warning, Selena was swept off her feet. The golden sword collided into the ground in a blinding explosion. The impact blasted them into opposite ends of the courtyard; Selena the east, and Viridia the west.

The silvery longsword dug into the ground as Viridia slid towards the wall, stopping a few feet short of it, before it dissolved into mist once more.

Viridia had noticed another ethereal sword clashing with Cy half the courtyard away, backing him closer and closer towards the wall of the Altar platform. She dashed to his rescue --- that is, until noticing mid-step, a pair of gleaming golden eyes focusing unblinkingly at her from the opposite end of the courtyard.

The tattered old book fell to the ground when its owner slid to a halt. By the time Viridia bent to scoop it up, Selena had begun to chant without pause. Her palm placed firmly onto the page that her book had flipped itself to, Viridia, too began to chant. Eyes renewed with that cold, silvery aura, a triad of radiant orbs materialized in front of her and began spinning around in a circle; they recalled a light from times long past.

A moment's silence: the calm before the storm.

Then, a giant pillar of fiery blue erupted from Selena's end of the courtyard, as suddenly and violently as a volcano blast. Not a second had passed until the three orbs front of Viridia shot rays of light that intersected in front of her and converged into an inferno of equal ferocity.

The sorceresses' super-heated blasts collided in an explosion that rent the heavens themselves. The skies were painted with an aurora of cold blue intertwined with that indescribable color that to Viridia, had always felt warm and comforting. Now, it served as a guardian to her in her time of greatest need.

Trusting it as though it were a friend, an ally, Viridia backed it with all the strength she had had left. Although, she knew that this strength was running out. But she was determined to continue pushing against the hellish conflagration, even if it cost her her life.

The blue pillar began to shrink back. She was finally on the verge of overcoming it; a golden sword was spinning towards the walls opposite her. Some yards away, Cy tore off the ashy gloves that were hanging limply from his wrist. He rubbed his singed fingers vigorously, seething at having missed his target. Now unopposed, the inferno conjured by Viridia rushed eagerly into the eastern walls of the Altar courtyard.

It exploded with a force to rival the snow-storm Viridia had had to brave on the way here. She covered her face with the blunt of her forearms before generous amounts of paved stone, propagated by roaring, relentlessly hot winds, flew in all directions from the source of impact.

When at last the remnants of the infernal blast dissipated and the furnace-like air became still once more, Viridia lowered her arm. As the dust was beginning to thin, her unglowing eyes opened a fraction of an inch. There, atop an unbroken portion of the courtyard wall stood Selena.

Her robes were billowing about wildly now, her long golden hair even moreso. She was glowering down on Cy and Viridia, a rage in her eyes more pronounced than the golden glow that had left them. One hand was hidden behind her, and the other she held out: a globe of violently swirling flames sat upon it.

``Viridia Clairemont!" shouted Selena. ``You have no idea of the dangers you've brought on yourself by imbibing into yourself Angelic power. If you continue on this path, not even I will have the power to stop you!"

``All the better," replied Viridia, turning away from her and crossing her arms defiantly. ``I am on a mission to defeat the Fallen One. If I can best you on my own, then my progress shall be made much easier."

``You are mistaken, Viridia!" implored Selena, as a golden lock whipped into her face. ``You endanger us all by putting your trust so blindly in the Angels. We shall all be led to ruin lest you surrender your life here and now!"

``I shall do no such thing!" said Viridia indignantly over her shoulder.

``You must listen to sense, milady!" Cy pleaded to Selena. ``The world is soon to perish. By allowing Viridia to die, you condemn us to the mercies of a shadow that only threatens to consume us all."

Selena closed her eyes and began shaking her head. ``You fools. You cannot imagine the calamity your errors will breed." She opened her eyes and their greenish gloom seemed to reflect her pity and sorrow. ``Fine by me, then."

Fiery snakes burst from the sphere of flames resting on her palm, and spiraled high into the sky above. A foggy mass formed above the courtyard, gaining momentum as more tongues of fire joined it. Turbulent winds whirled around Cy and Viridia, who were staring above at the storm of flames, the abject fear upon their faces visible by the eerie blue light now permeating the courtyard.

The golden hair whipped around ever more wildly about the resigned face. Something like regret was etched into the eyes, reflecting only the raging blue cloud ready to rain at its master's command. Almost carelessly, Selena raised a hand towards it.

Then a forceful gust swept into the battered, blue battlefield. The Altar courtyard became dark once more, lit only by the moon hanging in the night sky; the fiery maelstrom had disintegrated almost instantly.

Selena almost lost her footing on the courtyard wall. ``What the...?" she muttered, looking around her. ``No... Not now!"

Cy looked non-plussed as Selena leapt off the wall and into the Desert wasteland. ``What's up with her?" he asked Viridia as she stumbled over to him.

``Another storm is coming," she wheezed, inclining her head to the sky; blood had begun to ooze from the side of her mouth. ``Neither Selena nor I can use our powers while the Desert winds blow this fiercely." A bloody cough forced her to cover her mouth before she continued. She faced Cy, whose eyes had widened in alarm. ``Either way, we must escape now lest it strengthens and ends us both."

Turning to the crater on the eastern walls, Viridia made to leave. She'd not taken even one step before she collapsed to the ground.

``Here," said Cy offering her a hand, blistered and raw with angry red burns. ``I'll carry you. You've exhausted so much of your energy fighting. You've earned a rest."

For a moment, Viridia simply leered up at Cy's imploring face. She took care to spit blood at his feet, before forcing herself up. ``I can walk on my --- "

Though her feet had failed her, Viridia had not fallen this time: Cy had rushed to her side and hoisted her onto his back. He looked over his shoulder at her pouting face, and she looked back, before the former pressed on without another word.

Cy clambered over the ruins of the eastern wall, still scorched and smoking from Viridia's magical blast. He walked along the exterior of the courtyard until they came around to the entrance.

Viridia and Cy looked back on the platform that had once housed the entrance to the Altar of Angels, contemplating in disappointment that they had not gotten what they had come for. Cy looked away and headed due south from the gates; Viridia could have sworn that the Altar and the courtyard were swept away into the mist, before finally turning away and resting her head on the damped and dirty rags whose stench she no longer cared to wrinkle her nose at.