***

Cy's ears are still ringing after gates are shut. The moment he winced, Viridia had disappeared.

Viridia ditches Cy once they are beyond eye-shot of the guards. She bee-lines to the library. Cy catches up. ``Hey!" said Cy. ``You heard the guard. You cannot leave my side. You're in this city as my guest. I cannot let you dawdle about or else they'll toss you right out!"

But Viridia just insists that they move more quickly towards the library, careful to dodge a procession going on. But there is no other way around it.

They navigate through a procession spearheaded by a person, who by dress, seems to have high status and importance in the city. He introduces himself as Duke Julius Riversend.

(Describe the Duke here)

He is pleased to announce the perfection of a sensor that detects the presence of the Fallen; he thanks the engineers for their hard work. Viridia rolls her eyes at this because he seems to be vain. The Duke continues to say that it is one step closer to defeating the Fallen One.

Then the Duke notices Viridia and Cy trying to wend their way through an otherwise still crowd. He calls attention to them and beckons them to the stage, where he reprimands them.

He acknowledges Cy as a person of wide renown, as Sir Marion, the apprentice of Master Fern. He then claims he does not know the name of his guest. He removes her hood. ``Annie Whitaker," she blurts, staring defiantly into the Duke's scrutinizing eyes.

(He reprimands them for disrespecting him)

After the procession, Viridia puts her hood back on. She explains to Cy that the Duke is her fianc\'e, promised to her by her parents when she was just a child. Also, he's like twice her age. She then goes on to explain that they had never actually met until just then. Then she shushes Cy when they enter the library.

(Describe Mr. Hayfield as wizened old man with large round glasses)

Cy asks the librarian to let them into the Restricted Sector. He tells them, ``No can do, Sir Marion."

``Mr. Hayfield," whispers Viridia as she lifts her hood. ``It's me. I'm afraid this is urgent."

``Miss Clairemont," he says with a hearty chuckle. ``Dodging the Duke again, I see."

``Well, yeah. And we need access to the Restricted Sector straight-away. Like my friend said, it's important."

``I'm sorry, Viridia," said Mr. Hayfield. ``I fear that times are no longer that simple. I don't know if you've heard but the city is in a state of martial law. I cannot let you in the Restricted Section without the express permission of the Duke."

``I understand," said Viridia.

``But," he continued in a whisper, ``if you need access that badly, then there is a hole in the wall behind this building, somewhere by a flowery shrub. If you follow that hole, then take a left at the next corridor, you'll arrive at the Restricted Sector."

Viridia nods and bows. Cy follows her outside. After leaving, Cy tells him he does not trust Mr. Hayfield because it feels like a trap. But Viridia insists that he has always been good to him, housed her whenever she wanted to hide from the Duke.

They stay at a backside inn, careful to maintain a low profile and because every other innkeeper would refuse to lend a bed to someone as gross as Cy. Viridia takes offense at this, but Cy assures her that he is well-used to it.

At midnight, once the innkeeper turned in for the night, Viridia and Cy sneak out the window. They head towards the library towards the place Mr. Hayfield indicated. As he had said, there was a gash in the wall. It seemed to be fresh.

They enter the building through this back-entrance. They take a left and arrive at the Restricted Sector. It's full of books with titles written in an odd script.

Mr. Hayfield greets them and insists that they find what they are looking for and quick because he is short on candles. He cannot turn on the lights because that would alert the Duke to their presence. Viridia lights them and then they begin their search.

Viridia goes through some texts while Cy watches the hole in the wall for anybody that might come their way. Then Mr. Hayfield approaches Viridia and reminisces about the good old days. He asks if Cy is her boyfriend. ``What? No! Of course not," she snaps.

He gives a hearty chuckle and walks away. Some minutes later, he asks her if she had found what she was looking for. Viridia is frustrated after about an hour of searching through texts, feeling them for some response. These searches are punctuated with Mr. Hayfield asking if she's found what she's looking for, followed by a hearty chuckle. Viridia could have sworn that her mind was playing tricks on her; the chuckle began to sound odd and started echoing; there seemed to be more than one set of footsteps roaming the halls.

She climbs down the ladder after searching some high-up book only to find Mr. Hayfield at the foot of the ladder; he was not there seconds before. ``Did you find what you were looking for?" he asked for the umpteenth time.

``No. Thanks, Mr. Hayfield. I'd better look for Cy, now," said Viridia, slightly unperturbed as he chuckled once more. But he did not walk away this time.

``Did you find what you were looking for?" said a voice behind her. She turned around to find Mr. Hayfield; in front of her, the other stood, smiling at her.

``What the --- ? Cymaticus!"

``He is nowhere to be found, foolish girl," said Mr. Hayfield in a voice rather unlike his friendly genial one. It became monstrous; raspy and hair-raising. ``As is your old senile friend!"

Both of the Mr. Hayfields seize her arms. But the one on her right released her arm immediately. Viridia's tome fell to the ground, glowing red. She kicks the other fake Hayfield to the floor and snatches the glowing Book of Banes.

She fires energy beams at both of them. Above her, another Hayfield leaps from a bookshelf and lands. Viridia had stepped aside and summoned a glowing silver longsword, which she aimed at the Fallen crouching where the fake Hayfield had landed moments previously.

She readies her sword to strike, but an amber spike protrudes from its chest before it even had a chance to strike. Through the smoke, Cy re-emerges and says they need to escape, but not before they must face Fallen opposite ends of them.

They are surrounded by Fallen on all sides. They reach out to them through the bookshelf crevices and such. As such, Cy knocks the bookcases aside while Viridia charges a barrier. The Fallen claw at the barrier, unable to reach their foes, until eventually, Viridia makes the barrier explode, releasing super-heated bullets in all directions. The Fallen are all but banished... But more are coming.

More Fallen block their path and Viridia places her hand on her book. Her hand is stung and her head is filled with a vision of a Fallen escaping with a black book with Angelic text.

Viridia blast the Fallen away and tells Cy to go after the one escaping through the window near the ceiling. He wall-jumps off the collapsing burning shelves and then slashes through the Fallen, catching the black book as he landed.

Cy tells Viridia they need to turn on or break the electrical circuits; that way, the Duke can help them. But Viridia insists that the Duke is a Fallen and that the city is a farce; another outpost of the Fallen in disguise.

Viridia and Cy escape only to be cornered in the town square by the Duke himself and his royal guard. He asks angrily why they burnt down his library. Viridia explains that Mr. Hayfield was a Fallen in disguise and that they needed to retrieve an Angelic text, now in Cy's hand.

But he doesn't believe her. He personally arrests her but not before Viridia spots the Fallen sensor he'd presented that day and attempts to turn his guard against the perpetrator of the night's events. But the sensor does not seem to indicate that Julius is a Fallen.

Instead, some of his guard transform, joined by the Fallen from the Restricted Sector.

Then Cy, Viridia, Julius, and about half his guard face off against a crowd of Fallen. They emerge victorious, somehow; but Julius' guard is wiped out.

After clearing the Fallen, the Duke has a change of heart. He releases Viridia and tells the two to get going and quickly. Though if Julius is not shown arresting the perpetrators of the night's events, he fears he would lose favor with King Fimbluintt.

He decides to tell Mr. Hayfield that accidentally set fire to the place with candles he preferred over the electric lights. He continues that despite the measures taken against fire hazards, the systems were offline, possibly due to some critter sneaking in through the hole in the wall and gnawing at the electrical wiring. The restricted sector is sealed off to the public without further notice. He makes sure to seal it underground. He maintains that this sector was the cause of the fire, which very few contradicted because Fimbluinttians in general distrusted the magical arts. In order to quell the outrage of the destruction of the heart of the city, Duke Riversend puts high bounties on Cy and Viridia's heads, insisting that they shall be caught and punished to the highest extent of Fimbluinttian law. Arbor catches wind of this grave announcement.

They muse about Duke Riversend lying to his people about what had happened. Cy insists that he is putting his city at great risk by not letting them know the truth about the Fallen amongst them. Viridia counters that it would cause a panic. Cy says that eventually it will be turned into another outpost of the Fallen One, as Viridia had initially thought. Viridia dismisses the thought, saying that even if they were not fugitives of the law, no one would listen to them anyway. They redirect their thoughts to the book they obtained through great difficulty.

Meanwhile, Cy and Viridia have escaped Corias Solum and are now setting up camp. Viridia tries to decipher the book but it resists her. It kept burning her. Cy suggests to burn it. He noticed that none of the books in the Restricted Sector had even caught fire; just the bookshelves. He moreover tells her that an Angelic text cannot be destroyed by any but the author of said text.

It works and the book loses its black luster. She tries to communicate with it, but to no avail. Cy suggests that perhaps the Angel that wrote it had already died, and that is why the book does not respond. But then Viridia argues that the Fallen was trying to smuggle it out, which means that it must have been important to defeating the Fallen One.

Then suddenly, a flood of images assault Viridia's mind.

A mound of dirt surrounded by mountains and evergreens
An underground maze of caverns
A castle lit by a raging thunderstorm

The true goal of the Fallen One: the Blood Moon

They muse on what they could be.

Viridia is confused by the first image; the trees did not look like anything in Salaria and the mountains there did not generally tower that high.

Meanwhile the underground maze of caverns is a big question mark to Viridia. She'd heard urban legends of slaves constructing mazes like these towards their bouts to freedom. But as for how to locate them and which one it was? They were urban legends as they were.

The castle, Viridia remarks, looks like nothing in Salaria. She doesn't know about this. Cy, on the other hand, has seen something like what she described. He asks for further elaboration on what it looked like to Viridia's surprise. To her annoyance, Cy tells her that he does not know where the castle is.

Overall, none of the locations Viridia described led anywhere. The descriptions did not help at all. They described places that either did not exist or just look completely different today. Though Cy did not know anything about the mountain ranges nor did he know about underground passageways, he knew for certain, at least, that the castle existed, albeit in his dreams.

They rest for the night because they are too tired to decide where they should search... Cy asks Viridia about the Book of Banes and what she would do if it were gone. He worries that she relies on it too much to determine her path and course of action in life. Viridia dismisses these thoughts then falls asleep but Cy did not fall asleep until nearly daybreak.

His thoughts strayed to the Book of Banes' prophetic properties and the castle that Viridia described. He worried about having the same dream again; he fell asleep near day-break.