A clash of steel upon fang echoed throughout the night.

The moonlight shone upon a snowy desert, desolate but for boy and beast, who were in argument about which was to join the corpses buried deep beneath them.

The boy was draped in patched-up rags painted in sewage. The smell of dirt and unmentionable things lingered about him. In his hand was a broad, burnished sword of amber, which he gripped tightly in his tattered, fingerless gloves. His murky, overlong hair did not shine in the moonlight, and his steely sea-blue eyes showed no compassion for the beast he was locked in combat with.

It would have resembled a half-naked human. Yet, it was as far from human as possible. Unnaturally sinewy grey forearms joined its reptilian claws to its body and its sharp fangs seemed to ache for human flesh. The pale blue orbs gleaming in its eyesockets completed the picture of a being that did not belong in the mortal realm.

The boy's teeth were bared, his eyes screwed up in concentration, as he attempted to push back the beast, whose fangs had bitten on his blade.

The beast's jaws began to overpower the boy's sword arm. He reared back as his opponent's jaws snap shut, and somersaulted around the creature's back. The beast's arm had been severed from its socket before it sensed his presence.

It raised its other arm to strike. The boy side-stepped the fist as it smashed upon hard snow and leapt towards the beast as he reared his blade. The beast's headless body fell with a large thump and moved no more.

The boy let out a sharp gasp as something pierced his ankle and unbalanced him; his sword flew helplessly from his fingertips. Behind him, was the beast's disembodied head; it had found its mark at last.

His sword was lodged in the snow some feet away. He crawled to it, trying to not to wince from the stiletto-like fangs sinking deeper and deeper into his flesh. At last, his hand found the handle. He severed the fangs from the fell beast's mouth and plucked them roughly from his calf.

He remembered his old master's words. He dived for the headless torso that had once been his foe. But something was wrong; he was being pulled down. The beast's torso-less arm was trying to drag him under. The more he fought, the deeper he sank. But he trudged onward, his numb legs guided by a determination to destroy his enemy.

The boy plunged his blade deep into where the monster's heart should have been. He felt the beast's arm loosen its grip on his foot. Yet, he was too deep within the snow to escape the icy grave that he now knew was always calling for him, but was too stubborn to answer. Almost all of his body had been submerged, save for his head and a hand which clung to his sword handle like a lifeline.

The darkness closed in upon him, and the boy's mind drifted into two halves:

One half chastised himself for not bringing a medical kit with him. But then it decided that a common vulnerary would not likely be effective on cursed wounds.

The other half simply floated in the void, oblivious to the words that its counterpart whispered into its ears.

"Cymaticus."

The two halves merged. Someone called his name, though he was known as 'Cy' to some. "Who's there?" he croaked. As he spoke, Cy tasted hot, dry air parching his mouth.

The ground upon which he lied was cracked and rocky. Grey clouds obscured the sky and cast the unfamiliar land into half-shadow.

The wind was silent and still, as though it had been waiting for him. After a few minutes or many hours --- Cy could not tell if time even existed in this place --- he realized that he had lost something, though he knew not what.

He then remembered the monster that had attacked him in the Desert and bitten off a chunk of his leg. To his relief, the fell creature was nowhere to be found --- for now, at least. In fact, the dry land he had found himself in seemed to be barren of anything save for himself.

"And my sword!" exclaimed Cy.

After getting off the dusty ground, a boom of thunder rent the skies. He was nearly shaken off-balance. Out of the corner of his eye, Cy spotted the dark outline of a building.

A fork of lightning came down upon the highest tower of the castle. In its wake, was a figure suspended improbably in mid-air. In another flash of light, Cy saw that it was withdrawing something from its billowing cloak.

Then the ground rumbled as a series of drums seemed to shake the sky itself, each becoming louder and louder, to the point that Cy had to cover his ears and shut his eyes.

When at last the sky ended its inane symphony, he found that he lie not upon dry ground, but upon soft, velvet carpet. The robed figure was raising a weapon --- 

Suddenly, he stood in the wasteland again. The air was as still and silent as it was before. He looked in the direction where the castle had been. But all around him were the endless stretches of the same desert.

The mirage of a smooth rock appeared in mid-air beside him, and Cy ran. To where, he knew not, but to escape the slab was the only thought that persisted in his mind at the moment.

Another slab emerged, one with faint etchings. He doubled-back and fled, only for another to bar his path. Soon, Cy was surrounded by slabs, whose etchings were clear enough that he could discern his own name. They revolved about him like a perverse game of ring-around-the-rosy.

Panic struck him for the first time since he had gotten here. A soporific breeze brushed his face, and his eyes drooped. He watched as the wasteland around him evaporated into nothingness. He fell backwards onto a soft, unusally welcoming bed that seemed to be able to speak. It spoke with a soft, almost loving whisper that projected from behind his ears.

"Cymaticus... Cymaticus... Cymaticus..."

He sunk further into the folds of the earth, as he was neared a slumber from which he would not wake. He clung to just one thought, as he outstretched a hand, and it was for anyone, friend or foe, to seize it.

A gentle grip upon his. He realized that he was head-deep in snow. He tugged back.

Cold air filled his nostrils again. The strain on his arm threatened to dislodge it from its socket, like that of the beast it had slain so long ago. Yet, Cy dared not follow its path; he pulled and pulled in spite of the pain.

Finally, he was able to extricate his other arm from the frozen binds. He clambered out of the sinking snow. He coughed and began rubbing his ice-encrusted eyes before opening them to look upon his savior.

It was a woman with raven-black hair and eyes as silver as the moon shining behind her. One gloved hand was on her hip and the other, she was shaking free of Cy's muck. She wore a long cloak of fine violet fabric and black heeled boots. From looks alone, she did not seem to be much older than himself.

"You... Are you an Angel?" said Cy, wincing from the cold and the radiance of the moon.

"No," said the woman. "My name is Viridia."

"Viridia, you say?" said Cy as he stood up. "I've heard that name before, but from where, I do not seem to recall." Her expression turned sour.

"I've business in the Desert," said Viridia, turning her back on him. "I've no time to waste entertaining any courting rituals. I have saved your life once, and I fear I shan't do it again. Turn back to the south-east. Follow the stars if you know them. You will find a range of mountains. Find a wall of not of rock, but one of wood..."

"I've no wish to turn back now," interrupted Cy. "I, too, have business here."

"This place is dangerous," she said before she turned to face him. Her glare seemed to implore, rather than intimidate. "It has become a breeding ground for especially powerful Fallen. It is no longer safe here."

"I was attacked earlier," said Cy with an edge in his voice.

"By quick-snow?" said Viridia, an eyebrow raised. "If you wish to call that being attacked..."

"I was attacked by a Fallen," he said, as he rolled up the mutilated hose of his pants. Cy looked at her imploringly; she was leering at it from the corner of her eye.

"What am I supposed to be seeing here, boy?"

"I am no boy," said Cy, louder than he meant to. They glared at each other before he looked away sheepishly. "Anyway, here. A Fallen attacked me earlier and..."

It was here, then, that Cy knew something was amiss. Here he was, standing with no problems at all. The parting gift the Fallen had left him did not ail him anymore --- it did not even seem to be there, an observation that his new companion was blunt enough to voice.

"Odd, How...?" said Cy as the hem of the velvet cloak trailed away. "Hey, wait!"

He started into a sprint before noticing a gleam of amber some yards away. He doubled back and with his sword sheathed back into its scabbard, caught up with Viridia.

"Boy," she said without facing Cy, "you are exceptionally terrible at courting women. If you think to impress them by showing them non-existent battle scars, then I hope you will learn a better way to win their affections."

"I am not trying to impress, Lady Viridia," said Cy through gritted teeth. "I merely wish to convince you of the truth!"

"I am aware of what had happened," hissed Viridia, "and it was only due to my intervention that you can walk beside me and speak to me with such impudence!" She quickened her pace.

He ran up to her again, deciding not to broach the topic further. "I have business here in the Desert."

"So I've heard," replied Viridia coldly, as she began to walk ever faster.

"And," Cy added as he jogged up to meet her, "our destinations coincide, so I think it prudent for us to cooperate!"

She stopped in her tracks to face him at last. "What gives you the impression that your mission and mine are one and the same? Who has sent you, boy? Who wants me spied upon?

"Bartholomew, the Fallen One?" she asked calmly, withdrawing an old tattered book from her sleeve.

"Don't...!" hissed Cy.

"I knew it," said Viridia with savage triumph. "I've been sent an assassin, and moreover, one I was foolish enough --- "

Out of the darkness, a Fallen, fangs bared, lunged at Viridia, whereupon Cy leapt and met it in mid-air to swat it from its prey.

It growled and Cy, sword drawn, landed some feet away from Viridia, who did not seem to believe what her eyes had shown her in the past few seconds. " --- t-t-to..."

"Save?" supplied Cy, not breaking eye contact with the Fallen growling at him. "We have company. Rally your spells at once, Lady Viridia, for more of them will arrive soon."

But she simply gaped at boy and beast, stunned.

"HURRY!" pleaded Cy, as the Fallen rushed towards him.

A low growl behind Viridia made her let out a short gasp. Though she knew it was there, it was not until a few seconds later that she turned to face a pair of pale blue orbs suspended in mid-air. The ground thumped as the orbs grew closer and brighter. Soon emerged two muscular arms pounding onto the snow like a gorilla and fangs that seemed to yearn terribly for her.

Viridia shut her eyes and hovered a hand over her book, which began rapidly flipping itself. Once it had stopped, she placed her hand onto the page. The creature had come to a halt, its ugly face barely visible.

The roar of the cold winds died down and the icy chill it carried ceased to affect her. As if she could hear the book speaking to her, she imagined herself speaking back. She opened her eyes, ablaze with a misty glow; a wall of fire surrounded Viridia, and with a wave of her hand, it spread out, knocking the three Fallen back. A Fallen leapt high into the air just as the wall dissipated into glowing ash.

Five floating spheres of fire had materialized behind Viridia, and with a deliberate wave of her hand, she commanded one to collide with her enemy in mid-air, just as the swordsman fighting behind her had done moments previously.

She and Cy drew back and watched their foes circle them ominously behind a wall of fire Viridia had conjured. "Nice light-show," Cy said over his shoulder; she was unsure of whether or not to take offense at his crass tone. From the darkness, four more Fallen joined in.

"Pierce them through the heart," muttered Cy over his shoulder.

"What?" said Viridia, irritably.

Cy shrugged. "That's what Master Fern taught me."

The fiery wall evaporated into the chilly night almost instantly. Viridia had turned to face Cy. "You know Fern?"

He backed up from Viridia, whose pleading eyes, he saw with some apprehension, were no longer alight. "Err..."

Three Fallen lunged at Cy, whose claws he buffered with the blunt of his sword. He swung to scatter them into the darkness, before beginning his pursuit. "Questions later!" he called over his shoulder.

After watching him disappear, another wall of fire erupted into being and widened around Viridia; the remaining foes recoiled before it. When the Fallen were a good hundred yards away, Viridia snapped her fingers. The fiery wall dissipated into the turbulent night air; the fireballs behind her collapsed and became smaller and longer, until they coaelsced into neon-like spears hovering around her, ready to do their master's bidding.

One of them shot into a Fallen, who had broken ranks and had chosen that moment to assault Viridia. It froze in mid-air, and looked down at its punctured torso before being engulfed in a fiery explosion. Her arm was still outstretched, when through the smoke, she saw the remaining two Fallen racing towards her.

Tucking her book back into her sleeve, Viridia ran. She looked over her shoulder; the Fallen rushed through the wall of smoke and were gaining on her. One spear struck a Fallen in the arm as it attempted to leap to the side. The other missed completely, for its target had decided to jump clear of it.

Viridia squeaked. The Fallen that had jumped was gaining on her. She turned around and dug her fingers into the ground. As she slid along the snow, Viridia flung her last spear at the monster with her free hand...

Cy stared his last contender dead in its face. His face bled profusely, and some of his arm was torn and littered with puncture wounds. "Alright, you," he panted as he waved his sword around. "Come and get it."

The latter merely tilted its head, and the former tried not to heed his body's screaming desire to give into its exhaustion and collapse onto the snowy bed beneath him.

In the distance, Cy heard a whiny squeal and then a heavy something bowled him over. He quickly pushed it off him, and ran his sword through the Fallen, which froze in mid-air, mere feet above him.

Cy flung the Fallen off his sword and turned. A large, muscular silhouette with an arm flopping absurdly at its side was closing in on him. A soft moan behind him told Cy that Viridia had stumbled her way here. He looked over his shoulder briefly, then put himself in the way between the silhouette and his companion.

The Fallen emerged from the blurry mist of the snowstorm that had begun to brew. The second it came into focus, Cy leapt into the air and reared his sword back to strike. With the blunt of its unmutilated arm, the Fallen fended off the blade, and knocked it aside along with its wielder. The Fallen, after having ripped away its useless arm, slumped over to Viridia.

"NO!" yelled Cy. With more strength than he thought he had left, he lunged forward, faster than he had ever moved in his life, and forced his sword into its mark.

Knives erupted from his inside his gut. The monster's arm had relinquished the woman and decided on a new target. At last, his body could protest no more, as he gave way. From faraway, he heard a second, much louder thump, as he fell to the ground.

For a fleeting moment, Cy remembered Viridia's soft grip upon his, then felt himself drift into a faraway land once more.

Blood painted the icy ground upon which they lied. The boy in rags bled profusely from his middle, motionless and gored; nearby was the creature that had left the boy in this state as its final act. The girl in velvet robes rasped and clutched at her bleeding throat as the air swirled threateningly around them.

Whether she was trembling from the pain, terror, or the increasingly frigid air, Viridia did not know. She coughed into her glove; the stain of blood mixed with vomit repulsed her. Breathing ragged and heavy, she closed her wet eyelids. With violently trembling hands, she tore off the end of her sleeve and wrapped it several times about her punctured throat, tying it securely as she squinted around.

Her surroundings began dissolving into a shroud of mist. It would not be long before the stars that had guided her to this point became completely indiscernable.

She spotted Cy lying facedown nearby and recoiled. Ripping off the rest of her sleeve, she crawled to his side, bare-shouldered. Having ensconced his stomach within as many folds of velvet gauze as she could manage, she stood up and stumbled over to a dissolving pool of ink.

Her eyes lingered on the amber blade of the sword for a moment before pulling it out of the blackened snow. She slumped back and returned it to its wielder's side. Scooping her ice-encrusted book off the ground and into her unmutilated sleeve, she hoisted Cy onto her back and looked up.

The stars were blurry, owing to the curtain of mist thickening above. She roughly divined her position and destination and pressed on shortly before the storm swallowed the sky completely, hoping that she had read her bearings correctly.

The cold air harassed Viridia's exposed arm as she trod on with Cy on her back. A sharp wheezing pain budded in her chest. The storm thickened and the winds blew more violently, as if to throw her off track.

She made to clutch her heart, for it had been burning for a while. But she knew that if Cy fell off, she would not have the strength to pick him back up again. The tears had crusted around her tightly shut eyes. A barrage of cold needles peppered her face every so often.

She wondered briefly if her face should have been concealed within the folds of her other sleeve. But as she no longer seemed to feel her bare arm, she chose not give the matter further thought.

The stitch in her chest ate at every breath she drew and the weight on her back did nothing to mitigate it. But carrying Cy all the way to the Altar of Angels did not seem to burden her. In fact, it seemed to only strengthen her resolve to keep pushing forward through the Desert's most formidable defense.

"If ever there was a hell, this would be it," said Viridia ruefully. She smiled in spite of what had happened since departing her home country so long ago.

"Huh?" she gasped, for she was surprised that she could speak without a hostile cold trying to freeze her lungs. She opened her eyes.

A warm, familiar light welcomed her into a field of faded grass. With a start, she realized that her back was light. Cy was no longer there. The field was empty: just an ocean of autumn grass everywhere she looked, except for a lone, deadened tree in the distance.

She blinked.

Viridia could feel the familiar weight on her shoulder again.

The air was still and silent where she stood. The roaring winds behind her were muffled. She had crossed over the threshold into the eye of the storm. But she knew that the cold would soon rob her of her strength forever.

The silhouette of an improbably tall tower loomed in the distance; it looked as though it were connecting the earth to the heavens. She scurried along the paved path before her. Her legs felt like they could snap like twigs with every step she took, especially with Cy weighing her down. But she was desperate enough to crawl there if that had happened.

It was silent, clear, and motionless when Viridia entered the courtyard. Its weathered stone walls, many times her height, encircled the Altar of Angels. Its crystal walls and battlements glistened almost dreamily in the moonlight. Viridia headed dead north for the flight of steps leading to the entrance.

At the door-step of the Altar, Viridia set Cy down. Crawling to the banister, she lifted herself off the ground to face a nearly plain stretch of glass, enscribed within a doorframe. Inserting her limp, frozen arm into her sleeve, Viridia pressed her palm to the tree insignia burnished onto the mirror-like surface.

Another silhouette, not unlike that of the tower she stood at, was flicking faintly and feebly, rather like a lightbulb that had not been fastened properly.

Before Viridia could give it any thought, a warm light engulfed her.