Viridia found herself in the middle of a dim hallway. Behind her, Cy was bleeding through his bandages. She looked away from the pale, dying boy on the ground before setting off.

Torches lined sparsely along the passage lit her way. The circular chamber beyond was illuminated by the light of three emerald flames, each sitting in obsidian-black cauldrons surrounding a raised altar. Viridia groaned at the flight of stone steps leading to its summit.

She clambered laboriously to the top, one step at a time, for she did not trust her legs to endure the climb. The floor of the Altar summit was glassy and mostly smooth. The familiar engraving was faint and weathered, discernable only by the light of the flames dancing around her.

Viridia shook her sleeve until a thud echoed throughout the chamber. Placing her numb hand onto the cover of her book, she pressed the other to the glass.

Her palm began to feel warm. A faint white glow was emanating from beneath it. Then suddenly, Viridia was caught in a high wind that seemed to shoot from the glass floor beneath her. The light spread from under her palm, until the entire floor beneath her was shining white.

Viridia shielded her eyes. Once the floor began to dim, she lowered her arm, and a look of surprise bloomed upon her face. It was her bare arm she had lowered, and what's more, she had regained feeling in it.

The hand she had pressed to the glass floor felt white-hot now. Then from beneath that hand, burst skeins of light that homed in onto the emerald flames, which became impregnated with a sort of warm glow. They hissed and spewed sparks in all directions before a boom nearly shattered Viridia's eardrums.

Three snakes of fire slithered along the walls of the chamber, spiraling higher and higher, lighting a series of torches, that in the glare of the flaming cauldrons, Viridia had not noticed. Eventually, they converged onto a single point high above the floor upon which she sat, as distant from her as a star in the sky.

Viridia squinted up at it. For a moment, she forgot what she had meant to do. Mesmerized, she merely gazed at the star. She vaguely remembered a light from times long past; though from how long exactly, she could not quite put into words.

It hung in the sky. A tree, forlorn and grey, stood in the background of a nearly endless field of autumn grass. A gentle breeze grazed the length of the land, rippling at its subtle touch. Her raven-black bangs swayed slightly, briefly obscuring a cold, silvery eye.

Beneath the sullen branches, something had moved. She knew she was not alone this time.

The dry winds streamed across Viridia's face as she raced to the foot of the hill, her hair fluttering behind her. The grass beneath her crunched with every hurried footstep. She had worn herself out long before arriving at the foot of the hill.

Viridia stopped to regain her breath. Clutching her chest, she inclined her head upwards. The hill was not so much a grassy ramp as it was a slanted wall of dirt with vegetation protruding out its cracks. Suddenly, she missed having stairs to climb.

She took out her book and gripped it firmly in her unsleeved hand, before marching upwards. She had heard tales about the Angels and their feats; if these tales were to be trusted, then her magic stood little chance against their might. All the same, she felt quite repulsed at the thought of dying without raising a hand to defend herself.

It was well past the point after overtaking half the slope, when she began wondering if she was expected at all. For as close to the summit as she was getting, her quarry had not come for her. Although, she did not find this occurrence, however odd or ironic, unfortunate. "Had the Angel known of my presence," thought Viridia, "I surely would have been attacked by now for intruding upon such a pristine sanctuary unbidden."

Finally, Viridia collapsed gratefully onto flat ground. Removing the sleeve cloth covering her neck, she began wiping her sweat-drenched face in it. After cleaning her neck, Viridia massaged the places where the puncture wounds the Fallen had given her were supposed to be. Non-plussed, she resumed wiping herself. Once her unsleeved arm and her hands were no longer sticky, she looked around the barren hill.

"Hello?" she called tentatively. "Is anyone there?" She got up off the ground, patted her robes, then took a look around. The hill seemed to be deserted. It was littered here and there with patches of wilted grass. Viridia walked up to the only remarkable feature on the hill.

She recoiled slightly at the tree she had seen in the distance. Its bough was grey and cracked; the branches bare and stiff. Suffused with bone-white color, it gave off the impression of being the mere skeleton of a proper tree. But somehow, the withered wood stood rooted and unwavering, exuding a sort of prominence over the strange land.

A minute flame was burning faintly within its hollow. Viridia inched closer to examine it, but once she did, she started back.

All was silent save for the occasional breeze. Yet, Viridia had the oddest feeling that someone had been watching her in that moment. As palpable as it was irrational, the feeling was hard to shake. She looked from side to side, unnerved. Backing up against the trunk, she cast cautious glances around the hillside.

Then she yelped; her elbow had been edging closer into the hollow. It was when Viridia was hastily patting down her sleeve, when she heard it.

"You must pay tribute."

She stopped slapping her sleeve absurdly, and searched for the source of the voice. Then her gaze shifted inexorably towards the ancient tree, then to the feeble ember in its middle. "Alright," she said to it, before walking some distance away, withdrawing her book as she did so.

She aimed her arm at the heart of the hollow. Skeins of energy spiraled into her palm, forming a turbulently swirling ball of heat that shot from her palm like an arrow from a bow.

Upon accepting the tribute, the ember grew and roared. A second passed, and then a pillar of fire engulfed the tree, shooting high into the sky like a volcanic eruption.

Viridia stared with an expression of awe and panic, at the pillar that was now expanding outwards. She backed away slowly from it. Her heel caught on a bundle of cloth and she fell; now, all she could do was brace for the conflagration she had been foolish to bring unto herself. Only, it did not come.

The expanding wall of fire fazed through her like a silky curtain, as though she were but a phantom in this land. Viridia looked around the once barren hillside; it was now blanketed in groves of grass, which was green once more.

She got up on her feet and strolled around. Viridia was two feet from the edge of the hill, when a stream of fire erupted from the ground beneath her. She yelped and leapt back in fright. Looking around, she saw several other fiery snakes, which were now coiling themselves tightly around the hill boundaries.

A wall of fire that seemed to be towering higher and higher soon corraled Viridia in with a rich, brown tree that now stood tall and straight, and the being that had appeared before her.

"There is no need," said a deep, calm voice. "I have lost my voice and with it, my ability to fight."

Viridia replaced the book that she had almost pressed her palm to, then turned to face the Angel. His eyes were closed, rather like a person fast asleep; a bronze circlet was adorned around his unfurrowed brow. Wavy golden hair flowed down his back, rippling with the beat of the dove-like wings protruding out his back, reminding her of a waterfall of gold. A lyre was cradled in his arms.

The Angel opened his eyes, which were of a crystal-like blue. The look he gave Viridia was sharp, piercing; she tried not to draw back, but instead approached him. "Angel," she said, looking him dead in the eye, "I must learn the Aria."

"Impossible," he replied; his lips had not moved when Viridia heard him. "Without my voice, I cannot sing it. Hence, you cannot learn to repeat it."

"Can you simply not sing it into my head, as you are speaking to me right now?" asked Viridia, non-plussed.

"Na\"ive mortal," the Angel said curtly. "The Aria can be heard only by mortal ears. The mind is deaf to its words and its power." 
He strummed his lyre absently while awaiting a response from Viridia, who stood in place, deep in thought.

"I'll get it back for you," said Viridia boldly.

"If you refer to my voice, mortal," said the Angel, "then I fear that it is long gone. It was stolen from me, long ago." The bitterness in his tone was unmistakeable.

"What did the thief look like?"

"I cannot say," sighed the Angel. "All you mortals look exactly alike. Now, is there anything else you wish to ask of me before I return? The hour grows late, and I cannot stay overlong."

"Can you restore fatal injuries?" said Viridia. The Angel closed his eyes.

"Naturally. It is no mean feat for our kind. Ah, I see," he said, concentrating on something he alone could see. "You wish to restore the one known as Cymaticus, then?"

The Angel looked at Viridia's puzzled expression, and sighed. "The boy with the Amber's Edge," he said, with a bite of impatience bordering on annoyance. "The one whose blood now stains the floors of my beloved shrine."

"Yes, him," Viridia said quickly, eyes darting from side to side. She dropped her gaze. "Sorry about that," she added in a small voice.

"No need for apologies," said the Angel indifferently. "I'd hardly expect any mortal to brave my snowstorms and re-emerge unscathed." His brow furrowed; he was evidently concentrating hard. A few seconds passed, and his calm expression of unconcern returned. "I've restored Cymaticus to the best of my ability. Your own wounds are fully healed, by the way," he added. "Now, if you will excuse me..."

The fiery walls shrank and thinned out, dissipating into the cool air. The Angel's wings stopped beating and he descended onto the grass; his body was shimmering in the night. Once the walls were no more, he too took his leave. He evaporated into firefly-like orbs of light, which retreated one-by-one into the glowing hollow of the tree behind him.

Viridia stepped forward and folded her hands against her lap. She bowed her head before the hollow and said, "Thank you," before turning her back on it and walking away.

She looked up at the moon, shining in the star-strewn sky. Then her gaze fell to the fields below: the grass was green and full once more. The gentle night breeze caressed her skin as a mother would her child; the renewed land seemed to swim at its touch. A sweet scent of grass filled her nostrils before someone stepped out from behind the tree...

"Milady. Milady!"

Her head seemed to swim in sort of a fog, these words muffled and unintelligible. The pain had been mounting in her head for what seemed like hours. Her eyes were tightly shut, as if to shut it out; a single tear cascaded down her cheek. Though her injuries had long left her, her breaths came in low, ragged gasps. She began to shiver in spite of the warmth now filling the voluminous chamber.

"Viridia. Viridia!" beseeched Cy. "Please! You have to wake up!"

Copious amounts of vomit leaked from her mouth. With trembling hands, Cy removed his smock. Finally, Viridia opened her tired eyes; for a moment, they were fixed straight ahead, unseeing. She blinked, then glanced at Cy, who was wiping the catsick off the glassy floor.

"You..." she whispered.

"Please rest, Lady Viridia," said Cy. "You've earned it. Sleep," he added firmly, when she continued to stare ahead. Almost on command, her baggy eyelids closed shut.

Cy gathered his smock and tied it into a sack, before unraveling the blood-soaked cloth from around his waist. It fell over Viridia's slumped figure. Cy gave her one last solicitous look, before tip-toeing down the steps, the knot of the bile-filled sack clutched tightly in his fist.

Emptying it in a spot far away from the Altar, Cy refastened the smock around himself while heading back to the stone steps. He sat, and then buried his face into the folds of his arms. The rumbling of the flames ignited along the walls of the chamber seemed oddly soothing.

Meanwhile, Viridia lied atop the platform, her forehead creased as it always did when she was sleeping. She pulled the remains of her cloak fabric tighter around her. From far away, she heard the rumbling of some beast.

Retying the fabric around her neck, Viridia looked around. The three cauldrons contained nothing but ash that had gone cold. The room was brightly lit now; and by its light, she could see a revolting pile near the chamber walls. At the foot of the stone steps, sat a snoring boy in rags, a sheathed blade straddled onto his back.

He grunted, then looked around. "Thanks," he heard. Viridia had passed him without sparing him a glance. Rebuckling the scabbard to his waist, he followed.

"Lady Viridia," Cy said to her back. "The Aria of Angels --- "

" --- is no more," said Viridia, holding her head up high, her expression of utmost unconcern. "I will speak no more of the matter. You will need my help leaving this sanctuary. Follow me."

The lights of the Altar chamber had gone out all at once almost immediately after Viridia and Cy had crossed over the threshold into the passageway. The flames at either side of them went out as Viridia passed them. Cy had followed her wordlessly, looking quite sulky. He looked over his shoulder every so often, maintaining a firm grip on the handle of his sword.

"Cymaticus," Viridia said after an hour of walking.

Cy turned around and tilted his head. "Hm?" he said after a moment; he was astonished that she knew his name, considering that he had not had an opportunity to share it with her yet.

"Why are you here?"

"What?" spluttered Cy. "I don't know. Last I remember, I was stopping a Fallen ripping your throat out. Next thing I know, I'm lying on the floors of the Altar of Angels. What's more, my injuries have all gone. You tell ME why I am here, Viridia!"

"I would not have forgiven myself if another human had died due to my own inaction. I asked the Angel to restore you --- "

" --- And is THAT why you've not learnt the Aria?" Cy crossed his arms and stared determinedly at the illuminated wall on his right.

"Don't be absurd," spat Viridia. "I am not you, a smitten fool who puts the task of felling Bartholo --- "

Cy had pressed his palm over her mouth. "You must not say the Fallen One's name," he whispered. "That is how we were tracked earlier."

"Absurd," said Viridia, prying the stinking glove off her. She spit out the muck, and wiped her mouth with her sleeve.

"It's true," said Cy, resheathing his sword. "Why else would they have known we were there in the Desert?"

"Perhaps they were summoned there."

"You accuse me still?" said Cy incredulously. "After I saved your life?"

"I find it unlikely that those Fallen, as you call them, attacked us just because they heard their master's name."

"I'm telling you --- "

"And it is unlikelier still," she said, raising her voice above Cy's, "that we should meet in the Desert of the Damned on such a cold, harsh night by pure chance!"

A moment passed, and then Cy said, "Not by pure chance, no." He was looking up at the low ceiling. "A long time ago, someone told me to join a friend in the Far North on this very night. I was instructed to save this friend, for they were doomed to a terrible fate."

They had arrived at a blank stretch of wall: a dead end lit by a single candle hanging just above it.

"Funny," sneered Viridia over her shoulder. "I seem to recall having been the one to save you." A fist-sized flame bloomed in her palm after she snapped her fingers. She began searching the blank stretch of wall.

"What are you looking for?" said Cy impatiently.

"Nothing of your concern," she said curtly, feeling her hand against the stony surface. "Ah, here it is." Viridia pressed her flame-filled palm to a non-descript spot on the wall, to reveal a small tree-shaped insignia.

"Take my elbow," said Viridia, extending it to him. She jerked her bare arm back after Cy's was intertwined with it. Her hand now inside her sleeve, she pressed the other to the engraving.

The lone candle continued to burn long after they disappeared in a flash of light.