"You're welcome."

She lied upon a soft, feathery bed, smothered by an overly-thick blanket. The sound of crackling fire was soothing; she could almost fall asleep to it were it not for an unsettling whirring sound coming from her right. Her eyes opened.

Viridia looked around her. She appeared to be in a wooden, scarcely lit cabin. By her bedside was a window. She looked outside: the storm had calmed down save for the occasional stream of frigid air that seemed to claw at the window, eager to compromise the warmth of the fireplace burning heartily opposite her bed.

From her left, came the muffled sounds of a man cursing. "Cymaticus," muttered Viridia. Without ado, she looked around for her book. She had searched at least ten times before climbing out of bed and walking across the shadowy floorboards, guided by the light of the fireplace.

Feeling around the left wall for a while, Viridia found a door handle, which she wrenched open. Once the door slammed shut with a metallic clang, Viridia peered around the frozen landscape. The screeching of ice assaulted her ears from some yards to the west. She edged around a large cauldron and knocked over a pile of broken flints, as she raced towards a frozen lake.

The familiar smell of sewage became discernable as Viridia stormed over to the dark outline. The pile of rocks that Cy had been carrying dropped to the ground the moment Viridia conjured a fireball.

The fear in Cy's eyes became more pronounced in the light of the fireball inches from his face. "You're awake."

"Where is it?" hissed Viridia, her eyes alight with rage.

"Where's what?" yelped Cy.

"My book, boy!" she snarled. Cy stepped back and his pupils dilated in horror, as the fireball expanded dangerously close to his face. "The Book of Banes! The one I use to cast --- " Viridia blinked. The golden aura left her eyes, which darted to the tattered old thing in her other hand.

"I put it on the night-stand when I set you down a day ago," said Cy defensively. "But you sort of grabbed it in your sleep. You didn't seem to want to let it go. Now please, Lady Viridia!" He indicated the ice melting between them.

Viridia closed her eyes and sighed resignedly. In answer, she chucked her fireball carelessly behind her, where it landed neatly beneath the cauldron, which was now steaming. Cy watched her return to the front of the cabin without casting a backward glance; stepping around the hole in the frozen lake, he followed.

"Thanks for lighting the cauldron," said Cy as he approached Viridia. She was sitting on a felled tree bough, her leggings huddled up against her. "I've been trying to brew some vulnerary for our burns ever since we came here. But the flint around here has become frozen and brittle." A moment or so passed until Cy realized that Viridia wasn't paying attention; her silver eyes were lost within the flames burning beneath the cauldron. "I'll leave you to your thoughts," he said, opening the knob on the metallically-reinforced door.

Viridia did not wince at the din that echoed throughout the frosty clearing when the door slammed shut. She was thinking back, and thinking hard about her encounter with the Angel. She thought on what happened after the Angel had generously restored herself and Cymaticus, and retreated into the hollow of that sacred tree. But her head hurt just trying to remember.

"Something wrong?" came a voice from faraway.

"What?" gasped Viridia, her eyes wide. "Oh, it's nothing. What are you cooking, by the way?"

"Medicine for our burns," repeated Cy, nonchalantly scraping what resembled vomit-colored molasses into the cauldron. He crossed his arms, and turned to face Viridia, who was leering suspiciously from him to the foul-smelling jar he had just set aside. "It's beeswax, I assure you. Anyway, we suffered nasty injuries at the Altar of Angels, thanks to that sorceress. Did you know her, Viridia?"

Viridia pouted and turned from Cy at these last words. "Hmph, unimportant," she snapped. "Tell me what happened after we left the Altar."

Over the bubbling sounds coming from within the cauldron, he said, "Well, I carried you on my back across the Desert. If you recall, a snow-storm started to brew while we were fighting that sorceress. Selena, you called her? Anyway, it was the oddest thing. Not an hour had passed after we left the Altar when the snow-storm just vanished." Cy withdrew a metal stick and got to work on stirring the mixture, because he noticed that Viridia had zoned out again.

"I'd hardly expect any mortal to brave my snowstorms and re-emerge unscathed," the Angel had said to her back at the Altar.

"You're welcome." Viridia thought that the words she heard before she woke up were familiarly snide. But it was not until now that she realized what those words had meant. Viridia tried to remember what happened after she met with the Angel. But her head hurt too much to try again.

Cy tossed in some herbs into the cauldron and put a lid on it. "Well," he said, as he carried the insulated mixture off the fire. "The vulnerary's finished. Care for some breakfast?" he asked before grabbing a bucket and strolling towards the mostly frozen lake.

He returned minutes later; in one hand was the bucket, now full and damp-smelling, and in the other, two wooden sticks. He set the bucket down between himself and Viridia, then tossed a stick over to her. Cy poked his stick down into the bucket and hovered a fish over the cauldron fire.

"You're going to have to apply that ointment to your burnt skin once it cools down," he said, inclining his head towards the cauldron. "The wound that sorceress inflicted on you was too life-threatening to leave unprotected. I had to patch it up so it wouldn't get infected."

A moment of ringing silence passed, during which Viridia continued staring at the fire. Her hair whipped around once she registered what Cy had said. Glaring at him straight in the eye, hair spread slightly across her face, her cheeks began to burn and her hands balled into fists. Cy himself looked quite bashful and slightly ashamed.

"Which wound," said Viridia through gritted teeth, her fists shaking uncontrollably, "do you speak of, boy?" She did not wait for an answer; feeling around her robes, Viridia realized that her torso was ensconced in the gauze that once covered Cy's stomach.

"Oh! The fish is done," said Cy inconsequentially. "Here..." He proffered the fish he had been roasting to Viridia; she had stood up and was now leering down at him. Kicking Cy in the ribs, she wrenched the stick from his hand as he fell to the ground.

"You would have succumbed to your wounds otherwise," groaned Cy, wincing and holding his middle.

"I know," replied Viridia. She combed her hair off her face, then took a bite out of the proffered fish unconcernedly.

A large pile of bones lied in a pile beside Viridia. After she cleaned the rest of her fillet, another bone was added to it. Cy told her that the ointment should be ready at around this time. He scooped some into a small jar and handed it to Viridia, who conjured an cage of fiery links around Cy.

"Just so you don't go looking at me again," she spat at him before storming off and wrenching the cabin door open.

Viridia returned outside and with a wave of her hand, lowered the flames. 

Cy was applying the last of the ointment to his own wounds when Viridia returned and snapped her fingers. When the links of interweaving fire became nothing more than ash imprinted onto the snowy ground, Cy tossed his mostly-empty jar into the recently emptied bucket of fish. "So, what now?"

"I will go and find the Angel's voice," replied Viridia. "It is the only way to suppress his fell powers. I suggest you return to the sewers, boy. My quest is a dangerous one."

"Fully aware of this, thanks," said Cy. "Also, all the more reason for me to tag along. I doubt you'd be alive right now if I hadn't been by your side all this time."

"I can say the same for you, boy," said Viridia, withdrawing the Book of Banes from her sleeve. She placed her palm upon it and closed her eyes.

"So why are you telling me to go home?" asked Cy incredulously.

Viridia did not answer. She was deep in concentration, evidently focusing on something beyond his sight and comprehension. But something was wrong; the pages did not flip of their own accord like they usually did.

She opened her eyes and frowned. For the first time, Cy saw Viridia open the Book by hand; it immediately slammed shut seconds later. "What?" she snapped irritably at Cy peering from behind her shoulder.

"It's just..." began Cy as Viridia placed the Book of Banes in her unruined sleeve. "That's Angelic script. Where did you learn --- ?"

"Unimportant. Now if you excuse me," she said as she passed Cy and walked towards the frozen lake, "I have a voice to find."

"Do you know where it is, then?" said Cy loudly.

"The Angel said long ago that a mortal had stolen it," Viridia shouted back over her shoulder.

"Then it sounds like that voice could be anywhere, if he gave no other hint. How will you find his voice if you cannot even identify let alone locate the thief?"

Viridia turned around. "Unimportant to you, boy," she spat.

"If you want," shouted Cy, "I know a place where we can begin our search. To the east of here is a grand city with one of the largest libraries in Salaria. We're bound to find some clues there."

Viridia put a hand on her hip and strutted towards Cy. "What is this place called?" she asked, an eyebrow raised.

"Corias Solumn," said Cy as he watched Viridia's expression harden. "Is there something wrong?" he said to her back.

"Nothing," she replied quietly, before putting her hood on. "Let's go."

The hem of the velvet cloak swayed and the unruined sleeve fluttered in the wind. Viridia was reminded of an endless ocean of grass that a crooked hilltop tree stood sentinel over. She was tempted to think about what had happened then, but the pain in her head protested against it. More than once, Cy had cast her a solicitous look that Viridia eventually became too weary to give attention to.

They had been following a paved path through a wall of tall snow-strewn evergreens. At the end of path, Viridia looked up, then studied the arrangement of the stars. Closing her left eye, Viridia held her thumb up to a non-descript star. Not a few seconds had passed before she noticed that Cy was looking up at the same exact star.

Viridia lowered her thumb slowly, looking at Cy curiously. "It's this way," he said, pointing to his right. Viridia's eyes followed the sword on his back before she followed.

"Tell me," said Viridia, a moment after catching up. "Where is Fern?"

"What?" said Cy blankly.

"Fern," she said a bit more insistently.

"Haven't heard of that city before," he replied tersely. "Couldn't tell you where it is."

"You do not fool me. He taught you in the way of the sword, did he not?" she demanded.

A moment of ringing silence followed, after which Cy asked incredulously, "How would you know that?"

"I think I can be trusted to recognize my own brother's swordplay, no matter how crudely imitated. You also carry my family sword, the Amber's Edge, on your back, passed on from father to son. Are you quite sure that you do not know where he is?"

"No idea," replied Cy carelessly. "He just up and disappeared one day without a word. Through here," he added, indicating a path carved through a forest. The silhouette of an impossibly tall rectangular structure was set against the background, obscuring almost all of the sky in front of him. Pausing for a moment, Cy looked to the woods on either side of him. "How odd."

"Don't change the subject," snapped Viridia, walking past him.

"Fine," said Cy, as he caught up with her. "But you call my swordplay inferior to my master's and you accuse me also of besting him in a duel? Surely, you jest."

"I do not accuse you of that, no."

"Look," said Cy, who felt quite exasperated at these accusations. "Master Fern just up and went one day. It was the oddest thing, really. One night, he told me that I was to seek somebody in the Desert of the Damned. When I woke up, my home was in flames and the sword was leaning at my bedside."

Viridia scoffed and cast a sideways glance towards her left. The forest was thick with trees and other vegetation; not much moonlight seemd to leak through. A blast of wind onto her bare arm made her shudder.

"Master Fern is actually the reason why we're heading towards Corias Solum right now," he continued. "Many people know that Corias Solum contains one of the largest libraries in Salaria. But Master showed me a sector in the library whose existence is very well-hidden. It is home to scripts written by the Angels during ancient times. Nobody can read them, since they're all written in Angelic script. It still amazes me that anyone alive today can read it. How did you come to learn it?"

In answer, Viridia turned from him, half-crossing and half-huddling her arms together. A cold silence seemed to expand between the two.

"It's amazing how you can navigate using only the stars as your guide," said Cy suddenly.

"I suppose so," shrugged Viridia after a moment or so. "It was actually my brother who taught me. My parents didn't think it would be useful for me to learn how to divine the heavens. You see, to some, Arbor is paradise, a sanctuary from the Fallen One. To its citizens, it is a prison. No one is to ever leave its walls. No point in learning how to find your way when are to be stuck in one place every day for the rest of your life, you see. I'm well-learnt in the geography in Salaria, which also helps, by the way."

"Must have been sad," said Cy wistfully, "to learn about places you would never visit. Is that why you left home?"

"Hush," hissed Viridia.

"What?" said Cy. "It wouldn't kill you to have a normal con --- "

"No, you fool. Somebody is here. Among the trees. We cannot say who our eavesdropper will report to. We have to catch him while he is still here, lest he leaks any information to any of my enemies."

"The Hegemony? The Fallen One?" suggested Cy.

"I fear even worse," replied Viridia grimly.

Viridia searched the left side of the forest path while Cy went to search the right.

But not an hour had passed before she was forced to admit, that with the growing winds and the lack of moonlight, her search was entirely pointless. Viridia called for Cy but the wind kept drowning her voice. Hours seemed to have passed since parting with Cy. Once or twice, she could have sworn she saw a pair of eyes watching her from the darkness. But they seemed to have disappeared the moment that she turned to look.

Her heart began to beat against her chest. In her panic, Viridia held out her sleeved arm as if to cast a spell, though she did not know which one to use. During a moment's clarity, she realized that she was holding out the wrong arm, which was seized by a slimy, lizard-like claw that reached out from the darkness. Viridia screamed and in that moment, the claw recoiled. The Fallen's claw retreated into the darkness as the Book of Banes fell onto the ground, glowing red-hot. Without hesitation, Viridia snatched it up and placed her palm upon it.

Before she realized it, Viridia had found her way back to the forest path, albeit without any further encounters. Although she was more than grateful for it, she wondered why the Fallen had not made any subsequent attempts on her life. "How ominous," she wondered aloud. "I must hurry..."

Viridia had not even registered Cy sprinting alongside her until she reached eyeshot of the sentinels standing at either end of the massive iron-wrought gates. They were dressed in blue uniforms that buttoned up on the left, which were entirely plain save for a single bronze emblem emblazoned onto the right breast: two spades crossed beneath a star. They walked forward and crossed their halberds as Viridia approached. "A Fallen," she panted. "In the forest..."

"I'm sorry," said the guard on her right. "The city is temporarily barred to commoners by order of the Duke. Please turn back."

Viridia straightened up and made to yell at him. "Rufus," said Cy, walking up to the guard. "Please forgive my friend, here. I'm afraid she suffered some shock after wandering into the forest alone."

"It's no trouble, Sir Marion," said the guard known as Rufus. "But please be informed that it is not under jurisdiction of the Duke. I don't think even he knows half of whatever lurks in there. But how have you been? What brings you to Corias Solum in such dangerous times?"

"I have been well. Travelling the world as Master instructed me to. Seeing new sights, expanding my horizons. And I fear that I come to Corias Solum because of such dangerous times. I've an errand to perform in the library. My friend here is essential to that errand," he said, gesturing towards Viridia.

"Of course, of course!" said Rufus sycophantically. "I shall let them know you're here. But I must have your friend's name before I can let her enter alongside you."

Viridia crossed her arms defiantly and leered at Rufus disdainfully. "I should let you know," he said after several long seconds, "that the Duke is going to be heading a procession soon. If I do not have your name by then, I will not be able to let you in until tomorrow."

"Ann Whitaker," she said finally. Rufus raised an eyebrow, and took a sheet of paper out without taking his eyes off Viridia, who was looking off to the side. The other guard gave a sharp whistle. A falcon fluttered onto his gauntlet. Rufus fastened the note to the talon it held up.

"You're clear to enter, Sir Marion," said Rufus, the moment it took flight and raced to the highest tower in the city. "Your friend," he added more sternly, "is not to leave your side while within these walls. She would also do well to show some respect. Give it a moment..." he added as the gates began to part.

A loud groan of metal pressed against their eardrums for a good minute, before the crevice between the gates became wide enough to admit a whole caravan. The guards stepped aside to let Viridia and Cy pass. They crossed a bridge that extended across a large moat. The lightless water rippled beneath their feet as they crossed the threshold.

The gates of Corias Solum shut with a deafening clang, then Viridia was nowhere to be found.