His ears were still ringing as he ran through the cobblestone streets, the path ahead lit by the buzzing street-lights on either side of him.

The crowd that Cy wended through thickened the further he proceeded through the outer rim of Corias Solum, which was still possessed of that simple prestige from its days when it was but a small mining colony.

The brick houses he flashed by were about thrice his height. The grey puffs of smoke spitting out the chimneys were nothing compared to the pitch-black streams of grey clouds streaming into the sky from the factories nearer the heart of the city.

This was one of the reasons why Viridia had always disliked being dragged to the city by her mother and father in her youth. She sighed wistfully at the starless sky above. Pushing her way through the crowd and into a smelly alleyway, Viridia pulled her hood closer to her.

On the cold ground, was a shaggy, unwashed man, his eyes red and his bearded face sagging. He held out his vile, infected fingers which Viridia quickly side-stepped. Behind a dumpster, a pack of street urchins were half-crouched into a circle, muttering to each other. They stopped only to glare as Viridia passed them. Leaning against a wall with his arms crossed was a straw-haired man in an overcoat and a hat that obscured his eyes. He did not seem to register Viridia's appearance; he might have even been sleeping.

"There you are!"

A loud thud behind Viridia made her turn around. The man in the coat lunged at her. Cy whisked Viridia aside and seized the man's arm. "If you want to cause trouble here," Cy whispered, "the Shadow Sentinels will no doubt catch wind of this. I assure you that this is something neither of us desire. Now put it away," he said, gesturing towards the rusty sword the man had drawn.

The man in the coat was motionless for a while. Finally, he walked back resumed leaning against the wall, as motionless and uncaring as ever. The gang of children was casting Viridia shifty looks and muttering darkly.

"C'mon," said Cy.

"Hey!" said Viridia. Cy had hooked her arm into his; he reared and jumped onto an alley wall and ricocheted onto the wall opposite. They landed atop a flat ceramic rooftop. Viridia climbed to her feet.

"What were you thinking, ditching me like that?" said Cy, as Viridia checked her sleeves. "You heard the guard. If the Shadow Sentinels find you without your escort, then they'll throw you right back out, or even worse!"

Tossing the Book of Banes at Viridia, Cy gestured to a large chapel-like silhouette. "The library is that way," he said. He started into a run. Stuffing her book in her sleeve, Viridia followed suit.

As they jumped from rooftop to rooftop, the details of the library became more and more pronounced not by moonlight, but by the light emanating from a nearby procession. Unlike the buildings surrounding it, the library of Corias Solum was made of carved stone rather than cast metal. Its four steepled towers were the only things that were taller than the walls enclosing the city.

After jumping ten or so buildings, Viridia insisted that they catch their breath. "So what did you mean earlier," panted Viridia, "when the Shadow Sentinels might do something even worse than throwing us out of the city?"

Cy cast glances around the neighboring rooftops before answering. "It's not safe to talk about it now. I'll explain once we're out of the city."

Viridia narrowed her eyes, then crouched onto the ledge, her legs huddled up against her. She allowed her gaze to drift down to the streets below; her eyes wandered to the procession, which was being headed by the Duke.

It was not until after looking her fill, when Viridia realized that her knees had long grown numb. "Alright. Let's go."

Viridia did not even have a chance to clamber to her feet when it happened. A pair of forearms seized her from behind and clasped her shoulders in a vice-like grip. She barely registered her chafing elbow before tasting the damp cloth being pressed against her mouth.

A putrid scent invaded her nostrils. It was minty yet damp-smelling, very different from Cy's scent, which Viridia also began to register as she came to. She lied on a warm metallic platform and was reluctant to open her eyes; it felt like a thousand lamp-lights were shining their beams directly into her face.

The heat from the lamps abated suddenly. It took awhile for Viridia's vision to adjust, and when it did, the silhouette of the man crouching in front of her came into focus.

The Duke's eyes were shrewd and the wrinkles beneath them showed his age and stress. His square-jawed face looked almost strained, maintaining that scrutinizing look that Viridia returned with equal dislike. "Arise," he said. His voice was deep and imperious, yet carried no hint of intimidation, even as he took out a giant double-bladed battle-ax.

The ropes binding Viridia's feet were severed and as were the ones binding her wrists. Her ears were filled with a metallic ringing. Viridia could only dimly hear the Duke address Cy. "Sir Marion. It's been quite a while."

Two more sharp metallic clangs resounded through the otherwise still air. Cy stood up and caught the scabbard concealing the Amber's Edge that the Duke tossed his way. Viridia scrambled onto her feet as the Duke approached. "Remove your hood," he commanded.

The audience gasped at Viridia as she backed away from the Duke. Cy shot her an imploring look. Slowly, her hands found the lacing on her cloak. Then she pulled her hands back.

The Duke was dressed in a blue uniform that was of much finer cloth than the ones that the gate-guards wore; its buttons and the shovel insignia on the right breast were gold, beaming in the lamp-lights. His jet-black hair was streaked tersely with grey and was sleeked back down his broad back.

He sized Viridia up for several moments, then said, "Stranger. Tell me your name."

"Tell me yours, first," spat Viridia, to the outcry of the crowd, hidden in the glare of the lamp-lights. "All I keep hearing about you is that you're some sort of duke."

The Duke closed his eyes. "Fair point. My name is Duke Julius Riversend. I lead this city and its people. I now ask your name and your purpose for coming here."

"Ann Whitaker," she said before crossing her arms. "As for your second question, I think you should ask Sir Marion over there," she added with a tilt of her head.

The Duke raised an eyebrow by a fraction of an inch. He addressed Cy. "Well?"

"We've business in the library," replied Cy hurriedly. "I think your guards have sent a message to you?"

"If they have," drawled the Duke, "then... Oh?"

A falcon came fluttering down to rest upon a shoulder-guard of the Duke's uniform. Tearing a parchment from its talon, the Duke snapped his fingers. The falcon screeched and took flight as the Duke began reading the parchment. After a few seconds, he handed it to Cy.

With a second finger-snap, the Duke summoned a guard onto the stage. "Please escort these two guests to the rooftop of Rafflesia Heights," the Duke whispered into his ear. "They are not to leave your sight. Understood?" The guard nodded.

As Viridia and Cy were led out, the former looked over her shoulder to see Duke Riversend pacing back to the front of the stage, his veined arms crossed behind him. "This is another step further to defeating our sworn enemy, the Fallen One..."

Viridia and Cy found themselves once more upon the very roof-top from which they were whisked away. This time, they were joined by the Duke's man. "Please watch quietly," he insisted in a flat voice. "The Duke is to present something that will turn the tide against the Fallen One."

Although she rolled her eyes at these words, Viridia sat against the ledge and watched procession anyway. She was not surprised to see that the Duke was not presenting anything worth holding her breath over: a plain metal cross-bow.

"...when it glows white-hot. But notice now, the ruby set in the body of this cross-bow. As you can plainly see," he continued, waving it carelessly around him, "at the moment, it is --- "

The audience gasped. Even Viridia flinched even though she was about a mile away; she spoke to the Corias Solum guard over her shoulder. "What was that flash of light just now?" Cy was standing when it had happened; he also turned around to listen to the guard.

"The Duke was to present a weapon that through the efforts of the Corias Solum Research and Development Sector, has the ability to sense and destroy the Fallen. The sensor flashes white when the cross-bow happens to be aimed at a Fallen. Its specially-designed arrows pierce their fell hide."

Viridia and Cy looked at each other. "Silence," the Duke said in a carrying voice. The anxious mutters among the audience ceased at once. "I must consult my colleagues about this malfunction. Until then, this meeting is adjourned."

The blinding beams of light from the spotlights blinked out one-by-one after the Duke walked off the stage. Viridia noted the cross-bow, which was strapped on his back. She watched the crowd disperse, then stood up. "Where's the guard?" she asked Cy.

"Hm?" Cy turned around and scanned the rooftop of Rafflesia Heights. "I could have sworn he was just here. Why are you so concerned about him, anyway?" he asked curiously.

"Nothing," said Viridia hastily. She jabbed a thumb at the library behind her, whose wooden doors were now tightly shut. "What's the plan, now? I mean, we could break in, and --- "

"No," interrupted Cy. "We must wait until tomorrow. Right now, everyone's gone to sleep, and no one is tending the place." His voice was shaking slightly; his arms were rigid and his hands were balled into fists.

"Exactly," said Viridia smoothly. "So now's our chance."

"No," repeated Cy through clenched teeth. "We must retire to the Obsidian Rooms. The parchment the Duke handed me was a direct order that we stay the night there."

Without further ado, Cy grabbed Viridia arm once more and hoisted her onto his back. He jumped back down onto an alleyway with a thump, that went unnoticed in all the furor of the townspeople marching the streets and murmuring amongst themselves. Viridia tried to prise her grip from Cy as he immersed himself into the crowd, but he was too strong.

They made their way towards an obelisk that was almost indistinguishable from the darkness of the night. Cy let Viridia off his back and withdrew the parchment from beneath his smock. He pressed it to a glassy surface set against a smooth stone wall, which parted to admit the two into a mostly pitch-black foyer. Viridia followed Cy into the pitch-black foyer where a lone, brightly lit elevator stood open, waiting for them.

"What is this thing?" asked Viridia, looking all around the metal cubicle she was ushered into. Cy stepped in after her and remained silent as the double-doors closed. Less than a minute later, the doors reopened. The corridor outside was as dark as the one on the ground floor; light was spilling out from the door-frame leading to a small apartment.

Cy was already heading towards it. He turned around just before the threshold and saw that Viridia was still stubbornly rooted to the elevator. "C'mon," said Cy impatiently.

Viridia pouted and folded her arms. "Hmph." After crossing the corridor, nose in the air, the doors behind her slammed shut. "Okay, want to tell me what's going on?" she asked as she turned around. But Cy was gone. The muffled sounds of something like a small waterfall were coming from behind another pair of doors.

There was no knob, and Viridia found that the doors were not eager to prise themselves open at her touch. She shouted at Cy through the doors. But there came no answer. Viridia allowed her eyes to wander the apartment.

There were two door-frames, each leading to a brightly-lit room with a bed in it. Viridia proceeded into the one on the left, then turned around. On the wall beside the doorway was a glassy black surface like the one that Cy used to enter the building. She hummed shortly to herself before pressing her palm to it. Two slabs of metal protruded out the sides of the doorway and clamped shut. Viridia jumped back after the lock suddenly shone bright red; she stood frozen there, staring as it faded out.

On her right was a wooden coat-rack. After tossing her ruined cloak onto it, Viridia collapsed onto a fluffy white mattress. She began absently feeling around her bandaged torso. Her face reddened; she began unraveling the makeshift gauze. The moment that her raw, scorched wound was exposed to the cool apartment air, Viridia winced. Her anger towards Cy abated somewhat as she hastily tied the gauze back into a passable knot.

From under her pillow, Viridia extracted the Book of Banes. Once more, she begged it to respond, but to no avail. Panic seized her. She began rifling through her book again, which she admitted to herself was starting to become a bad habit.

A scrap of paper fluttered onto her face. "Huh?" she muttered. Viridia snatched the paper and examined it: a small inked portrait of the Duke's rough, unsmiling face was printed on.

A beep coming from outside the bedroom made her jump. Pulling her cloak over herself, Viridia looked from the door to the glassy surface. It had learned to recognize her touch; a bright green light heated the flat of her palm.

The doors slid apart for Viridia. It was odd seeing Cy not dressed in rags, and odder still, for that foul stench that she'd grown accustomed to, replaced by some half-flowery, half-fruity scent. She was staring, mouth open, at Cy's plain white tunic, underscored by a pair of straw-thatched shorts. "Oh, you found my F-note," he said, pointing at Viridia's fist.

"Huh?" she said blankly. "Your what?"

"It's money," replied Cy, "acceptable anywhere in Fimbluintt. I was wondering where it had gone."

Viridia tilted her head while looking at the F-note in puzzlement. "How much is it worth?"

"Well, that F-note is a thousand-unit note. A meal around these parts costs twenty units, and a night's stay at a fancy hotel like this one costs about a hundred."

Viridia eyes widened in disbelief at the flimsy slip in her hand. "But don't get your hopes up," continued Cy. "They're extremely rare, them. I sort of picked this one up while we were in that alleyway. It might be fake. You'd have to check for the watermark."

"The what?"

"Just... hold it up to the light," said Cy delicately. "There should be a small icon of the Corias Solum coat of arms. The Duke was wearing it this evening."

Holding the scrap of paper up to the electric light, Viridia squinted her eyes. She scanned for an imprint of two shovels crossed underneath an asterisk. A minute or so had passed before she was ready to declare that she was holding a fake piece of currency. But then, something on the note caught her attention. Her eyes locked with Cy's.

"Well?" he said. "Can you see it, Ann?"

Viridia gave a firm nod.

"Whew," breathed Cy. "Now, we won't have to worry about scrounging about for breakfast money. We can find a tailor for your cloak while we're waiting for the library to open tomorrow. But right now, I'm beat."

He let out a loud yawn as he passed Viridia into the other bedroom. She was still staring straight ahead. After the doors clamped shut with the familiar beep, Viridia frowned. She held the fake thousand F-note up to the light again.

In invisible ink, Cy had written: 'Being watched. Sewers safe.'